Docs, fit.py, plot.py, io.py, useful_functions.py, many other small changes (#35)
discsim/frank: docs/install.rst

Installation
============

With pip
--------

> Install the latest stable version of Frankenstein (``frank``) with `pip <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the latest stable version of Frankenstein (``frank``) with `pip <https://pypi.org/project/frank/>`_,
```
